So, we're going to talk
a little bit about
the Raspberry Pi,
currently new model of it.
This is actually the newest.
We're going to talk about
the Raspberry Pi 3 B+.
There's also actually
recently now,
there are several different
variations of Raspberry Pi.
There's a Raspberry Pi 3 A+,
which is like a smaller version.
But then there's
the Raspberry Pi zero,
which is a really small version.
There's always
different versions,
but this is a common
version right here,
Raspberry Pi 3 B+.
For this microcontroller, its got
a Broadcom BCM2837 system
on chip that is
an ARM-based processor,
so there's an ARM
processor in there,
but that's the SoC
that's made by Broadcom.
It is not completely open source.
They hide some of
the data sheet detail.
But it is 1.4 gigahertz,
one gigabyte as SRAM,
quad core machine,
it's got 40 GPIO pins.
GPIO standing for
General Purpose Input Output.
So, 40 pins we can use.
It's got four USB ports,
the older one only had
two way back anyway.
It's got a micro SD card for
its non-volatile memory,
so it's got a micro SD and
you have to install
the operating system on that.
It's full-size SD on the
older version, the way older.
It has Bluetooth 4.2,
which includes BLE,
Bluetooth Low Energy.
It's got integrated Wi-Fi
on the board as well,
and power over Ethernet.
Not that it has
Power over Ethernet,
but it's set up for that.
So, if you add
a little bit of hardware,
you can have Power over Ethernet
which is convenient sometimes.
So, this is what it looks like.
Actually, it has
the same sort of board layout
as the older board.
You can see the USB ports
on the upper right,
Ethernet jack, RJ45 down
there on the lower right.
You'd be probably
using the Wi-Fi,
but it's got that audio port,
camera connector, HDMI
for your monitor.
There's a USB connector there,
but it's for power only.
The USB ports in the right
are for regular
USB communication,
but ones to lower left,
that's a power connector,
typically how I power it,
and there's the processor
and the pins,
you can see
the 40 pins and so on.
Now, this is the backside
of the board.
The only thing interesting,
the most interesting
thing anyway is
a Micro SD slot, you
can see that there.
That's where you put
the micro SD card
which you're going to
need because you're going
to have to have the operating
system on there. Thank you.